/*! \file gview
    \brief graph viewer for Inventor 3d databases
    
    \section SYNOPSIS
    gview [file | < file]
    
    \section DESCRIPTION
    gview is a program for viewing, editing, and learning about Inventor 3d
    scene graphs.  There are two views of the Inventor scene  graph:  a  3d
    rendered  view  (left) and a scene graph view (right).  The 3d rendered
    view displays the data in an examiner viewer and  allows  selection  as
    well  as viewing.  The scene graph view renders the scene database as a
    directed acyclic graph illustrating  the  structure  and  relationships
    within  the  database.	This view is displayed in a GraphViewer compo-
    nent, which is derived from the Inventor plane viewer. Each node in the
    graph is represented by a 3D icon.
    
    If  you	select	an  object in one view, it will be highlighted in both
    views.  This is a very interesting way to learn	about  Inventor  scene
    databases.  You can create new objects, edit the values of objects, and
    rearrange the structure of the database by cutting and  pasting.   (See
    the descriptions of the menu items for details.)
    This  program is especially useful for Inventor programmers who want to
    analyze a specific database or who wish	to  experiment	with  Inventor
    features and visualize the database at the same time.
    
    \section GVIEW MENU
    The top bar contains the following three items under the gview menu:
    
    Save in gview.iv
          Saves  the  Inventor scene (as displayed in the examiner viewer)
          in the file gview.iv.
    
    Save display graph in disp.iv
          Saves the scene representing the	graph  (as  displayed  in  the
          graph viewer) in the file disp.iv.
    
    Quit
          The usual.
    
    \section GRAPH VIEWER MENU
    The  top bar in the right-hand graph viewer window contains the follow-
    ing menus:
    
    Graph
          This menu contains an Update button that updates the graph  view
          based  on changes made to the scene graph.  (This is useful only
          if the GraphViewer component is used in  some  application  that
          can  modify  the	structure  of  the  original  scene graph; the
          GraphViewer does not update  based  on  changes  to  this  scene
          graph, since that would be too expensive.)
    
    Edit
          This menu enables cutting, copying, pasting, and duplicating the
          selected node in the scene graph. When pasting (or  duplicating,
          which  is  copying  and  pasting	in  one operation), you have a
          choice of pasting a copy of the node or a reference to (instance
          of)  it. Feedback appears to indicate where the copy or instance
          will be located.
    
    Select
          This menu allows you to change easily which node is selected.
    
    Group
          This menu allows you to hide or show nodes under a  group  node.
          If  a group node is selected, the Open button displays the imme-
          diate children of the group, while Open All displays all descen-
          dants.   Close hides all descendants, and Toggle toggles between
          the open and closed states.
    
    Inst
          When a node is the child of more than one parent, each  instance
          after  the  first is displayed as an instance icon (a letter "I"
          in the default icons). When an instance icon  is	selected,  the
          Toggle  button  in  this menu toggles the display of a line that
          connects the instance icon to the node it is an instance of. The
          Swap  button  exchanges  the instance icon with this other node.
          (This can be useful to examine nodes  under  an  instance  of  a
          group node.)
    
    Node
          The  Create  button  in this menu brings up a NodeCreator widget
          that allows you to create a new instance of any built-in	Inven-
          tor  node  class.  Once a type is selected or typed in, feedback
          appears in the GraphViewer to help you place the new node in the
          graph.  The  Edit  Fields  button brings up a FieldEditor widget
          that allows you to edit the values of fields in a selected node.
    
    \section SHORTCUTS
    Each menu button has a corresponding keyboard shortcut displayed in the
    pull-down menu.	Double-clicking on a  node  icon  initiates  a	common
    action  for  that  type	of  node. For a group, it is equivalent to the
    Group Toggle button.  For an instance, it is  equivalent  to  the  Inst
    Toggle  button.	 For any other node, it is equivalent to the Node Edit
    Fields button.
    
    \section ICONS
    The 3D icons used to represent nodes in the scene graph are read from a
    file  called  gviewIcons.iv.   This  file is searched for in (in order)
    directories specified in the  IV_GRAPH_DIR  environment	variable,  the
    current	directory,  and  the usual place this file gets installed (See
    the FILES section).
    
    Each icon in this file is represented by a subgraph (rooted by a  sepa-
    rator)  whose first N children are label nodes; each of the label nodes
    defines one node type to be represented by that subgraph. Icons	follow
    the  node hierarchy; that is, the icon representing a group is used for
    all group nodes that don't have explicitly different icons.
    
    The default icon set is chosen to be similar to the icons used  in  the
    Inventor documentation.
    
    \section SOURCE CODE
    Note  that  the source code to gview comes with the Open Inventor 3d
    Toolkit.
    
    \section FILES
    /usr/share/data/models/* - Sample 3D data  files
    /usr/share/src/Inventor/demos/gview/* - Source to gview	
    /usr/demos/data/Inventor/gviewIcons.iv - Default icon file
    
    \sa SceneViewer, drop, inventor, ivcat,  ivview,  noodle,  showcase,  revo, textomatic
*/