/*! \file noodle
    \brief interactive 3d modeling program
    
    \section Synopsis
    noodle
    
    \section DESCRIPTION
    noodle  is an interactive program for creating a variety of 3d objects.
    The concept is very similar to a pasta maker in	which  one  chooses  a
    noodle  cross-section  and  pushes the dough through, (hence the name).
    noodle was written using the Inventor 3d Toolkit.  It outputs  Inventor
    files.
    
    The  noodle  program  has 5 main windows and a control panel.  The five
    windows are:
    
    Each window can be used to view or edit the object (with the  exception
    of  the	top  right  window  which only allows viewing).  Use the right
    mouse pop-up to switch from viewing mode to edit mode and back.
    
    The lower left window is for drawing  the  noodle  cross-section.   You
    insert  and drag individual points by clicking with the left mouse but-
    ton in this view.  You can delete a  point  on  your  cross-section  by
    first selecting the point (note the "+" highlighting) and then pressing
    the BACKSPACE key.  All four curve editing  views  use  the  same  user
    interface for editing. This is a 2d curve.
    
    The  top  left  window  is for editing the taper along the noodle.  The
    default object will have no taper.  If you edit this curve you will see
    the  results  in  the 3d view (top right) and quickly understand how to
    create lathe-like effects.  This is a 2d curve.
    
    The lower middle window is for editing the spine of the	noodle.   This
    is  a  3d  curve  through  space  that the noodle follows.  The default
    object will have a straight, vertical spine.  NOTE that this  curve  is
    the only 3d curve of the four curves.
    
    The bottom right window is for editing the twist along the noodle.  The
    default object will have no twist.  If you edit this curve you will see
    how  this  curve  twists  the  noodle about its spine axis.  This curve
    makes it easy to corkscrew-like effects.  This is a 2d curve.
    
    Note that each of the four curve editing windows have a few buttons  to
    clear the curve and create a few special curves.
    
    The  top right window is for viewing your resulting object.  You cannot
    edit the object in this window; only viewing is allowed.
    
    The top bar menu contains a  variety  of  controls  for	affecting  the
    resulting  noodle.   Experiment	with  these  controls  to  learn their
    effects.  You can save the resulting noodle in both noodle format (noo-
    dles  are  stored  as  GeneralizedCylinder  nodes) or standard, vanilla
    Inventor format (can be imported into any Inventor program, even if the
    GeneralizedCylinder DSO is not loaded on the host system).
    
    \section Source code
    Note that the source code to noodle comes with the Open Inventor 3d
    Toolkit.
    
    \section Files
    /usr/share/src/Inventor/demos/noodle/* - Source to noodle
    
    \sa SceneViewer, drop, inventor, ivview, gview, maze,  qmorf,  revo,  showcase, textomatic
*/
