/*! \file revo
    \brief creates revolved 3d surfaces
    
    \section Synopsis
    revo
    
    \section DESCRIPTION
    revo  is  an  interactive  Inventor  program for creating 3d objects by
    drawing a curve and then revolving it around an axis.
    
    The program has two main viewing windows: the curve  view  and  the  3d
    rendered  view.	To create a object, click the left mouse button in the
    curve view near the default blue line.  Hold the button down  and  con-
    tinue  to  move	the  mouse,  the  point will be dragged.  You can drag
    existing points on the curve by clicking and  dragging.	 To  delete  a
    point  from  the  curve,  simply click the point to select it, and then
    press the BACKSPACE key to remove it.
    
    As you draw the curve in the curve view, the 3d object is automatically
    draw  in 3d in the other view.  The 3d rendered view allows you to view
    your masterpiece by clicking and dragging in the view.  Experiment with
    the  various mouse buttons to gain control over the viewing.  Press the
    right mouse button in the 3d  rendered  view,  and  select  the	`Func-
    tions/Help' entry for more help on 3d viewing.
    
    Revo  allows  you  to sketch out a line which is then rotated around an
    axis to form a surface of revolution.  The left-hand window allows  you
    to edit the line, and the right-hand window lets you view the resulting
    surface.
    
    Initially, a very simple surface of revolution is shown; a single  line
    segment	is rotated about the vertical axis to form a cylinder.	To add
    points onto the end (bottom) of this  cylinder,	just  click  the  left
    mouse button where you want the new point to appear.  To move an exist-
    ing point, just position the mouse near the point (a small  cross  will
    appear), then press the left mouse button and drag the point to its new
    position.  When you are satisfied with its location, release  the  left
    mouse  button.  You can also insert points in the middle of a line seg-
    ment by placing the mouse near the segment, pressing the left mouse and
    dragging the new point to the desired location.
    
    The  Clear button below the main windows is an easy way of deleting all
    the points.  You can also use the Backspace or Delete keys on the  key-
    board  to  delete  points. The Copy button will copy the shape you have
    created to the Xt clipboard.  You can then paste the shape into an Open
    Inventor  application  that  supports paste, like the SceneViewer (revo
    does not support paste). You can change the number of sides used in the
    surface of revolution by typing into the #sides Motif text widget.
    
    Normals are calculated automatically whenever the line changes.	If the
    angle between two segments is small enough, a "smooth" normal  will  be
    generated.  If the angle is too great, a "crease" will be automatically
    generated.  Putting two consecutive profile points at the same location
    is  another  way of generating sharp creases.  To save your objects you
    must first copy them to an application (such as the  SceneViewer)  that
    supports  save.	 The  3d  view	is  a  standard Open Inventor Examiner
    Viewer.	Press the right mouse button for a menu that will allow you to
    turn on the Examiner Viewer decorations, change drawing styles, and get
    help.  This program is a lot like the revolve demo program,  which  was
    written using only the Iris GL.	This program is approximately half the
    number of lines of code as the GL version, and has more features  (e.g.
    changing  the number of sides of the surface, copy to the Xt clipboard,
    the different drawstyles supported by  the  Examiner  Viewer).	No  GL
    calls  are made in the source code to this program, only Inventor calls
    (which uses Open GL).
    
    Number of sides
          This number sets the number of sides the object will have around
          the revolution.
    
    Copy Will  copy  your	object	onto  the X clipboard, where it can be
          pasted  into   another   Inventor   program   (e.g.,   showcase,
          SceneViewer).
    
    Clear  Removes your masterpiece and starts over again.
    
    About  Displays a short description about revo.
    
    Quit   Exits  revo.   Note that the data copied to the X clipboard with
          the copy button will disappear when revo exits, so  be  sure  to
          paste your creations before exiting.
    
    \section Source code
    Note that the source code to revo comes with the Open Inventor 3d Tool-
    kit.
    
    \section Files
    /usr/share/src/Inventor/demos/revo/* - Source to revo
    
    \sa SceneViewer, drop, gview, inventor, ivview, maze, noodle, qmorf,  showcase, textomatic
*/